1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

It is a website of official data set website full of information.  

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

The most viewed data is "Civil Data Collection" for 2015-16, 2017-18, and the state files from 2015-16. (Civil Rights)  

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?

A lot of the topics are about agriculture, health programs, food prices, and food security.   

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

I see that there are School Nutrition Programs, Food Environment data sets, and Fruits and vegetable prices. To navigate to Food Price Outlook USDA scroll down to look at the Metadata set you'll see it is set as JSON file.

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.



6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

There were no Data sets for Charlotte.

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results?

There were no data sets for Charlotte.

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative to find what you’re looking for.



8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

I wasn't able to find any data sets for Charlotte when I looked at organizations for Charlotte. So I couldn't look into FoodData.

